You can catch thrown items by toggling on your throw mode with an empty hand active.
To crack the safe in the vault, use a stethoscope or three plastic explosives on it.
You can climb onto a table by dragging yourself onto one. This takes time and drops the items in your hands on the table. Clicking on a table that someone else is climbing onto will knock them down.
You can drag other players onto yourself to open the strip menu, letting you remove their equipment or force them to wear something. Note that exosuits or helmets will block your access to the clothing beneath them, and that certain items take longer to strip or put on than others.
You can spray a fire extinguisher, throw items or fire a gun while floating through space to change your direction. Simply fire opposite to where you want to go.
You can change the control scheme by pressing tab. One is WASD, the other is the arrow keys. Keep in mind that hotkeys are also changed with this.
Firesuits and winter coats offer mild protection from the cold, allowing you to spend longer periods of time near breaches and space than if wearing nothing at all.
You can grab someone by clicking on them with the grab intent, then upgrade the grab by clicking on them once more. An aggressive grab will momentarily stun someone, allow you to place them on a table by clicking on it, or throw them by toggling on throwing.
Holding alt and left clicking a tile will allow you to see its contents in the top right window pane.
The resist button will allow you to resist out of handcuffs, being buckled to a chair or bed, out of locked lockers, and more. Whenever you're stuck, try resisting!
You can move an item out of the way by dragging it and then clicking on an adjacent tile with an empty hand.
If you find yourself in a fistfight with another player, staying on the offensive is usually the smart move. Running away often won't accomplish much.
Different weapons have different strengths. Some weapons, such as spears, floor tiles, and throwing stars, deal more damage when thrown compared to when attacked normally.
When dealing with security, you can often get your sentence negated entirely through cooperation and deception.
The P2P chat function found on tablet computers allows for a stealthy way to communicate with people.
If you're using hotkey mode, you can stop pulling things using H.
Felinids get temporarily distracted by laser pointers. Use this to your advantage when being pursued by one.
You can whisper by putting # before your message. You can also whisper in critical, however it may kill you depending on how hurt you are.
Fore = north, aft = south, starboard = east and port = west.
You are able to block with most weapons! Being on any intent but harm and walking speed allows almost anything to block. More info: https://wiki.beestation13.com/view/Guide_to_Combat#Blocking
You can set your bag size and slowdown in character preferences. Use a duffelbag lite or an satchel XL to kill in style however you like!
